This is the front-end Server to the Lyricera POC project.
To simplify the construction process (microservice design principle), we have based our GUI front-end on Budibase.

Here are the steps to get started:
1. Edit the docker-compose.yml file - provide your own OPENAI_API_KEY: {OPENAI_API_KEY} key
2. To start the Docker Stack, run in the background mode $: docker-compose up -d 
3. To shut off the Stack, run $: docker compose down

Provide Admin Credentials:
- Open your browser to http://localhost:10000/ , This will allow you to set up the start credentials
1. Import the provided tar.gz file into your Budibase environment
2. Click on the Edit Application button
3. In the Data setup, update all the backend servers to the address, where your back-end is running.
  - So, it will be something like http://127.0.0.1:3000/mint_nft ,  if you are running the backend on the localhost   
  - If you really want to experiment with your own hedear account, please feel free to update various prepopulated fields. (not a must) 
    In fact, the backend server is the one processing all the startup credentials. (so, check the .env file of the back-end server)
4. Publish the application 

Create User Account on Hedera Network
5. You will be prompted to add Hedera account (user account).
6. Click on the 'Generate HDR Account'. This lets you create a new Hedera Client Account. Click Save

Create Base Lyric (from a foreign language)
7. Click on the Lyrics link. This shows you all the Lyrics (some are already created by me). You can add more, view or edit existing ones.
8. The Lyrics View Details show: Link to Hashscan (with the NFT ID), Translations Cards
9. In the Edit Lyric, You can: Manually Add a Translation, or use OpenAI to Automatically generate a Translation

Use GenAI to add Translation
10 - 1. If you want to use GenAI (OpenAI) to speed up the things, click the "Auto Translate Lyric" button
10 - 2. Now, you can seal a Translation by generating an NFT
10 - 3. If everthing looks OK, you can finalize the Translation process by clicking the Save button. Note: NFT_ID, Treasury_Account_ID are filed in now.

Now your go to the Translations
11 - 0. The main table showing all translations. If you are a PowerUser, you can edit an item. If you are a Public or Basic User, you can only vi–ew (not edit) Lyrics and Translated_Lyrics
11 - Click the "Vote" button to give your rating of a translations
11 - 1. Select your vote rating and click on the "Generate Ballot" button to preview the Serial Number of the newly minted NFT token (based on a Translated Lyrics)
11 - 2. Cast your vote to finalize the vote.

Manage Votes
12 - In the Vote table, you can view Votes. If you have casted that Vote, you can remove it. Otherwise, you can only view Votes, if they are created by other users.

Vote Charts
13 - In the Voting Charts, you can see the sentimentals. 
   - The Purple circle shows a bar chart of Lyrics and the Generated Translations (counts).
   - The Green circle shows both:
     - The average Vote Value for a Lyric Translation (It is the sum of all vote values for a translation / number of votes for a translation)
     - The table shows more details about Lyric Translations
   - Additionally, there are filters, with which one can refine the charts.







